# SEP2-VIAUC
Wheels-Quick is a fictive car rental company based in Aarhus that works on a business-to-consumer model. 

# Background Description

Wheels-Quick is a car rental company based in Aarhus that works on a business-to-consumer model. The company received popularity in the past 2 years for providing a cheaper and quicker way to rent cars in the area, by a successful marketing plan. Measuring by revenue, the car rental industry has 822.3M euro market size, which is in the top 10 in all of Europe(Car Rental & Leasing in Denmark - Industry Statistics | IBISWorld, no date).
The company mainly deals with rental requests in person as well as phone calls. The available cars can be seen in person, an employee may provide them with a catalogue at the shop or they may view the booklets that have been advertised throughout the city. If the vehicle or vehicles that the client wants is/are available, the following steps include providing personal information about their identity, period of booking, etc. The client can choose the type of the car (Small, Hatchback, SUV, Electric). After the paperwork and transaction is complete the customer is given the key to the vehicle and notice of when and where the vehicle shall be returned.
There are still issues with the system that are costing the business time and money. The company values providing their service quickly but during high tourism seasons this proved to be too difficult to do in person. Managing both call-ins and in person requests has caused problems with the booking process as multiple clients request the same vehicle. In person this issue can be resolved but through calls it becomes complicated. Clients have expressed on a multitude of occasions for a digital service as it would be more convenient and reduce time spent at the service. The marketing team also suggests this, as it would help manage rental periods, reduce errors, and make the service overall process even easier.
The company has decided to digitize the services that are provided as this would help with the current influx of clients as well as future locations, if the company decides to branch out.
